README.md, before:

# Highlander
Highlander is an open source 3D sandbox game. Currently being written in Java with the use of openGL and LWJGL. The game uses basic LWJGL and openGL primarily for rendering. Rendering the entities, terrain and objects is all done in these. The movement of the camera, fog, and player entity is done through custom code with very little help from LWJGL and openGL.

License 
MIT
The MIT License

#Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Google, Inc. 

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
#of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
#in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
#to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
#copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
#furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
#all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
#IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
#FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
#AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
#LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
#OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
#THE SOFTWARE.

# Usage
Highlander is made open source for the purpose of learning. The game is currently an ongoing project which I'm working on for college and in my spare time. I don't really expect it to go far anywhere nor am i trying to. I made the project to help people learn about openGL and lwjgl. I admit the code in this project isn't the best. If you want to fork it feel free, or ask me any questions on twitter @RapidTheNerd

# Important notes
1) This may break
2) Depending on the Java version you're using at the time you may have to change some code around or revert. This project was created in Java 8
3) Check the issues tab for known bugs. I'm working on fixing them but some stuff has other priorities.
4) In no way do I take responsibility if you cannot get it working or something breaks or in the highly un-likely case your computer will melt itself. Anything taken from this is under your own free will.
5) Please do not ask me to update or help you get it running. I am doing this in my own free time and when I want to do it. I will update it when I want.
6) If others need help feel free to help them, at some point I'll set up an IRC on my website (https://rapidthenerd.me) for users to discuss this project

# FAQ (sorta) 
1) Can I use this code? A: Yes
2) Can I distribute it? A: If you want to feel free. It is basic lwjgl and openGL with some rendering involved.
3) Why is it licensed if we can use/distribute it? A: I don't really want people taking it line by line and saying "HEY I MADE THIS ALL BY MYSELF" that's literally the worse thing that anyone can do towards developers.
4) Will you follow me on twitter? A: No but you can follow me ;)
5) Do you recomend Java for games? A: HELL NO
6) Is this ideal for new game developers? A: No, personally I suggest starting small on something like pacman or space invaders to get a feel of how game development is done before moving onto bigger projects.
7) Do you provide support for this code? A: Sometimes, it generally depends on the issue. If the issue is something massive I highly suggest that you go out and find a way to fix it yourself, remember that debugging will help you a lot when working on any code project.

# Useful links
1) Triganometry: http://www.mathsisfun.com/algebra/trigonometry.html
2) Java math: https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/java/data/beyondmath.html
3) Game math: https://www.essentialmath.com/
4) LWJGL: https://lwjgl.org
5) Slick: http://slick.ninjacave.com/slick-util/
6) openGL: https://www.opengl.org/
7) Reading/Writing GLSL files: https://people.eecs.ku.edu/~miller/Courses/OpenGL/DeveloperNotes/GLSL_Overview.html
8) My twitter: https://twitter.com/rapidthenerd (shameless advertising)

Commit message:

added some more stuff to this

README.md, after:

# Highlander
Highlander is an open source 3D sandbox game. Currently being written in Java with the use of openGL and LWJGL. The game uses basic LWJGL and openGL primarily for rendering. Rendering the entities, terrain and objects is all done in these. The movement of the camera, fog, and player entity is done through custom code with very little help from LWJGL and openGL.

License 
MIT
The MIT License

#Copyright (c) 2010-2017 Google, Inc. 

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
#of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
#in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
#to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
#copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
#furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
#all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
#IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
#FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
#AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
#LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
#OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
#THE SOFTWARE.

# Usage
Highlander is made open source for the purpose of learning. The game is currently an ongoing project which I'm working on for college and in my spare time. I don't really expect it to go far anywhere nor am i trying to. I made the project to help people learn about openGL and lwjgl. I admit the code in this project isn't the best. If you want to fork it feel free, or ask me any questions on twitter @RapidTheNerd

# Important notes
1) This may break
2) Depending on the Java version you're using at the time you may have to change some code around or revert. This project was created in Java 8
3) Check the issues tab for known bugs. I'm working on fixing them but some stuff has other priorities.
4) In no way do I take responsibility if you cannot get it working or something breaks or in the highly un-likely case your computer will melt itself. Anything taken from this is under your own free will.
5) Please do not ask me to update or help you get it running. I am doing this in my own free time and when I want to do it. I will update it when I want.
6) If others need help feel free to help them, at some point I'll set up an IRC on my website (https://rapidthenerd.me) for users to discuss this project

# Q&A 
1) Can I use this code? A: Yes
2) Can I distribute it? A: If you want to feel free. It is basic lwjgl and openGL with some rendering involved.
3) Why is it licensed if we can use/distribute it? A: I don't really want people taking it line by line and saying "HEY I MADE THIS ALL BY MYSELF" that's literally the worse thing that anyone can do towards developers.
4) Will you follow me on twitter? A: No but you can follow me ;)
5) Do you recomend Java for games? A: HELL NO
6) Is this ideal for new game developers? A: No, personally I suggest starting small on something like pacman or space invaders to get a feel of how game development is done before moving onto bigger projects.
7) Do you provide support for this code? A: Sometimes, it generally depends on the issue. If the issue is something massive I highly suggest that you go out and find a way to fix it yourself, remember that debugging will help you a lot when working on any code project.
8) Why is ther PHP if it's a Java game? A: I plan to add some stats to the game like hours played, blocks moved and such. 
9) How did you figure all this out? A: Research, there is many tutorials on 3D game development and programming maths, this will be an essential to you. There is nothing wrong with looking for tutorials as long as you learn from it.

# Up and coming additions
1) Player interactivity with mobs
2) Player inventory
3) Stats (check above)
4) Player goals in the game
5) Some fun stuff to do in the game (IE Mob fighting arenas, events and such)
6) Player vs Player
7) Server side stuff
8) Multiplayer
9) Website for the game for updates, forums, help and such
10) IRC channel.
# Useful links
1) Triganometry: http://www.mathsisfun.com/algebra/trigonometry.html
2) Java math: https://docs.oracle.com/javase/tutorial/java/data/beyondmath.html
3) Game math: https://www.essentialmath.com/
4) LWJGL: https://lwjgl.org
5) Slick: http://slick.ninjacave.com/slick-util/
6) openGL: https://www.opengl.org/
7) Reading/Writing GLSL files: https://people.eecs.ku.edu/~miller/Courses/OpenGL/DeveloperNotes/GLSL_Overview.html
8) My twitter: https://twitter.com/rapidthenerd (shameless advertising)
